1. What type would you choose for the following “numbers”?
A person’s telephone number - string
A person’s height - float or double
A person’s age - int
A person’s gender (Male, Female, Prefer Not To Answer) - string
A person’s salary - decimal
A book’s ISBN - string
A book’s price - decimal
A book’s shipping weight - double or float
A country’s population - long
The number of stars in the universe - int
The number of employees in each of the small or medium businesses in the
United Kingdom (up to about 50,000 employees per business) - int

2. What are the difference between value type and reference type variables? What is
boxing and unboxing?
              Value type                                  reference type
  --------------------------------               ----------------------------------            
    store the data directly.                      stores the reference of the data.
    Example: int, struct, enums                    Example: class, interface
    
    
            Boxing                                          Unboxing
  --------------------------------               ----------------------------------            
    Converting value type to                       Converting reference type to 
    reference type.                                       value type
    Example: int - object                           Example: string - int
    
3. What is meant by the terms managed resource and unmanaged resource in .NET
Managed resources is the memory that is handled by garbage collector and managed during the runtime by CLR (Common Language Runtime).
Unmanaged resources is not handled during the runtime. 

4. Whats the purpose of Garbage Collector in .NET?
It manages the allocation of memory and releasing the space which no longer used. Managed by heap.
Through this performance and memory optimization is improved.



1. What happens when you divide an int variable by 0?
It throws an exception of "DivideByZeroException"

2. What happens when you divide a double variable by 0?
It returns infinity or -infinity

3. What happens when you overflow an int variable, that is, set it to a value beyond its
range?
It throws an exception "OverflowException"

4. What is the difference between x = y++; and x = ++y;?
y++ is post increment. i.e, it increments the value after assigning the current value to x
++y is pre increment. i.e, it increments before assigning the value.

5. What is the difference between break, continue, and return when used inside a loop
statement?
break: will exit the loop 
continue: it skips the current execution and continues with next step/loop
return: returns the result to the function from which it is called
 
6. What are the three parts of a for statement and which of them are required?
Initialization, condition, increment/decrement condition to iterate

7. What is the difference between the = and == operators?
= is an assignment operator
== is a comparision operator to check the equality condition

8. Does the following statement compile? for ( ; true; ) ;
Yes it will compile. It is a condition for an infinite loop.

9. What does the underscore _ represent in a switch expression?
It is discard pattern in switch to handle when none of the cases match or null, orelse it raises an exception.

10. What interface must an object implement to be enumerated over by using the foreach
statement?
It should be an IEnumerable interface