1. What are the six combinations of access modifier keywords and what do they do? 
    public: member is accessible to any other code.
    private: Member is accessible only within the class
    protected: Member is accessible by the class in which it is created and the derived classes. 
    internal: Accessible only within its same assembly not outside of it.
    protected internal: Accessible for any type within its own assembly or from the derived class instance.
    private protected: Accessible for any derived type but only within it own assembly.
    
2. What is the difference between the static, const, and readonly keywords when applied to a type member?
    static: It is a modifier keyword, is used to declare a static member, which belongs to type itself rather than to a specific object. 
    const: Is the keyword to declare a constant field that cannot be changed. Value is set a compile time.
    readonly: keyword indicates the type cannot be modified. Using readonly the assignment of the field can be set either in declaration or in a constructor of same class.

3. What does a constructor do?
it is called when a class/struct instance is created. there can be more one constructors in class/struct. It initializes the new object and set its initial state.

4. Why is the partial keyword useful?
It defines that the class, struct, or interface can split the definition over the files, combined during the compiled time. All the types should use partial keyword in definition

5. What is a tuple?
It is used to retrieve multiple values of different types from a method.

6. What does the C# record keyword do?
    is a class/struct that provides special syntax and behavior for working with data models.
    Used when defining data models that depend on value equality, defining a type for which objects are immutable.
     
7. What does overloading and overriding mean?
Overloading: defining methods with same name but with different number of parameters.
overriding: defining same method with different implementation in the derived class from its base class.

8. What is the difference between a field and a property?
    field: is variable that is declare directly in a class or struct to hold data. They are the members of their containing type.
    property: behave like fields when accessed. Properties are implemented with the accessors (get, set) that define the statement executed when a property is accessed or assigned.
    
9. How do you make a method parameter optional?
    By setting the parameter with a default value.

10. What is an interface and how is it different from abstract class?
    Defines a contract with methods that a class can implement. one class can implement multiple interfaces but only inherit one abstract or concrete class.
    All methods are abstract and public be default in interface. Abstract class can have abstract or non abstract methods.

11. What accessibility level are members of an interface?
default member accessbility is public. member with private accessibility must have default implementation. 
 
12. True/False. Polymorphism allows derived classes to provide different implementations of the same method. True
13. True/False. The override keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is providing its own implementation of a method. True
14. True/False. The new keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is providing its own implementation of a method. False
15. True/False. Abstract methods can be used in a normal (non-abstract) class. False
16. True/False. Normal (non-abstract) methods can be used in an abstract class. True
17. True/False. Derived classes can override methods that were virtual in the base class. True 
18. True/False. Derived classes can override methods that were abstract in the base class. True
19. True/False. In a derived class, you can override a method that was neither virtual non abstract in the base class. False 
20. True/False. A class that implements an interface does not have to provide an implementation for all of the members of the interface. False
21. True/False. A class that implements an interface is allowed to have other members that aren’t defined in the interface. True
22. True/False. A class can have more than one base class. False
23. True/False. A class can implement more than one interface. True